Okay,
guys.
Thin there.
The next three lectures are not lectures as such,
but they are practice exercises,
so they're comparatively short.
And in each one,
I'm just gonna describe the three tasks that you need to practice.
Okay,
The 1st 1 is fairly straightforward and should be fresh in your memory because we've just
covered it.
What I want you to do is recreate these high pollings for each of these cells here,
link into the appropriate cell that's detailed,
then the left hand side and modifying it.
So when you actually click the thing,
it does actually work.
So there's your practice.
Exercise number one complete,
entering all of these values.
Just here.
Okay,
I'll see you in the next lecture where?
I'll tell you what your next practice exercise will be.
I'll see you in a few seconds.